Our group consisted of Vincent Freeland, Victoria Scrimner, Nancy Lovas, and Robert Burgard. We distributed the work by page,
and each person worked on an individual page as follows: Victoria pg. 78, Nancy pg. 79, Vincent pg. 80, and Rober pg. 81. The 
remaining pages were done by group effort. 

One of the most fascinating aspects of working on this project has been working entirely online. Our group used an email chain 
to organize our efforts and to communicate, and for the most part it was an effective means of communicating with each other. 
It was a good way to send text files, and to clarify any questions members had. Replies usually came quickly, and everyone 
was willing to work together to find a solution. As far as communications go, the group had no problems and worked 
very well together.

As far as the transcription itself went, the work proceeded rather smoothly, as early on in the project Victoria was curious 
about rendering. Around week two we had already received access to the rendering page, and thus could work on our code in such 
a way that we could easily tell whether or not it had been encoded properly. This allowed the group members to easily check each
other's works and make suggestions so that the render came out correctly. Additionally, this led to members more collaboratively
editing code. For example, Vincent was particularly helpful in checking group members code and ensuring that everything came 
out properly in the render. He was very active in that regard, and a great resource for the group.

Overall, the group dynamic was very helpful, open to suggestion, and willing to work together to solve any problems we came across. It was
a healthy dynamic that fostered the sort of collaboration GitHub promotes. 

The project itself was a very interesting one to tackle, especially in regard to determining how to render specific marks on the page.
Were they inkblots or fingerprints? These sorts of questions were hashed out when the group met, and via our email conversations. While 
it was difficult to make out some of the words, the group found patterns and worked together to sort out some of Shelley's peculiar
idiosyncracies. Overall, the challenge was an interesting one to tackle, and in the end it was well worth-while to learn how to TEI encode.
It was a great introduction to hands-on DH work, and gave an interesting look into how the practice of encoding works. It was a much more 
hands-on process than we had ever imagined--originally thinking it to be simply scanning a page and there's that. However, knowing just
how much work goes on behind the scenes makes us appreciate the quality of online archives much more.
